INSTALL.md, before:

Install
=======

Linux
-----

In a command line shell write:: 

    sudo apt install qgis git pip
    cd ~
    mkdir cadastre
    cd cadastre
    git clone https://github.com/javiersanp/CatAtom2Osm.git
    cd CatAtom2Osm
    sudo pip install -r requisites.txt
    sudo make install
    cd ..

Mac OS X
--------

* Install QGIS from KyngChaos download page 
  http://www.kyngchaos.com/software/qgis
* Install GitHub desktop utility from http://desktop.github.com
* Run it and download this repository 
  https://github.com/javiersanp/CatAtom2Osm.git
* Open a command line shell and change the directory to the previously
  downloaded CatAtom2Osm folder. Run this commands::

    sudo easy_install pip
    sudo pip install -r requisites.txt
    sudo make install

While you install the requisites you will be prompted to install the command
line developper tools.

Windows
-------

Install QGIS using the OSGeo4W Network Installer (64 bits/ 32 bits) from
http://qgis.org download page.

* Run the installe and choose the Advanced Install option.
* Install from Internet
* Enter the directory for the install C:\OSGeo4W
* Accept the default options
* From the Select packages screen select:

  * Desktop -> qgis: QGIS Desktop
  * Libs -> msvcrt 2008
  * Libs -> python-devel
  * Libs -> python-pip
  * Libs -> setuptools

* Accept the list of unmet dependencies

Install Microsoft Visual C++ Compiler for Python 2.7 from 
http://aka.ms/vcpython27

Download the package python-levenshtein in the unofficial library of 
Christoph Gohlke from http://www.lfd.uci.edu/~gohlke/Pythonlibs/

Install the GitHub desktop utility from desktop.github.com

Run it and download the repository https://github.com/javiersanp/CatAtom2Osm.git

In the previously downloaded CatAtom2Osm folder launch the file pyqgis.bat. 
Write this in the resulting shell::

    python -m pip install -r requisites.txt
    python -m pip install path to downloaded/python_Levenshtein‑0.12.0‑cp27‑cp27m‑win_amd64.whl

To use the program it will be necessary to run pyqgis.bat to open a convenient 
Python QGIS shell. It's suggested to edit pyqgis.bat, uncomment the penultimate
line with the CD command and enter the path of the folder where you want to 
download the Cadastre files. For example::

    cd c:\Users\Javier\Documents\cadastre

Commit message:

Document how to run tests

INSTALL.md, after:

Install
=======

Linux
-----

In a command line shell write:: 

    sudo apt install qgis git pip
    cd ~
    mkdir cadastre
    cd cadastre
    git clone https://github.com/javiersanp/CatAtom2Osm.git
    cd CatAtom2Osm
    sudo pip install -r requisites.txt
    sudo make install

If you want to install the development requeriments:

    sudo pip install -r requisites-dev.txt
    
And to run the code tests:

    make test

It's suggested to run the code in the ~/catastro folder.

Mac OS X
--------

* Install QGIS from KyngChaos download page 
  http://www.kyngchaos.com/software/qgis
* Install GitHub desktop utility from http://desktop.github.com
* Run it and download this repository 
  https://github.com/javiersanp/CatAtom2Osm.git
* Open a command line shell and change the directory to the previously
  downloaded CatAtom2Osm folder. Run this commands::

    sudo easy_install pip
    sudo pip install -r requisites.txt
    sudo make install

While you install the requisites you will be prompted to install the command
line developper tools.

If you want to install the development requeriments:

    sudo pip install -r requisites-dev.txt
    
And to run the code tests:

    make test

Windows
-------

Install QGIS using the OSGeo4W Network Installer (64 bits/ 32 bits) from
http://qgis.org download page.

* Run the installe and choose the Advanced Install option.
* Install from Internet
* Enter the directory for the install C:\OSGeo4W
* Accept the default options
* From the Select packages screen select:

  * Desktop -> qgis: QGIS Desktop
  * Libs -> msvcrt 2008
  * Libs -> python-devel
  * Libs -> python-pip
  * Libs -> setuptools

* Accept the list of unmet dependencies

Install Microsoft Visual C++ Compiler for Python 2.7 from 
http://aka.ms/vcpython27

Download the package python-levenshtein in the unofficial library of 
Christoph Gohlke from http://www.lfd.uci.edu/~gohlke/Pythonlibs/

Install the GitHub desktop utility from desktop.github.com

Run it and download the repository https://github.com/javiersanp/CatAtom2Osm.git

In the previously downloaded CatAtom2Osm folder launch the file pyqgis.bat. 
Write this in the resulting shell::

    python -m pip install -r requisites.txt
    python -m pip install path to downloaded/python_Levenshtein‑0.12.0‑cp27‑cp27m‑win_amd64.whl

If you want to install the development requeriments:

    python -m pip install -r requisites-dev.txt
    
And to run the code tests:

    python -m unittest discover

To use the program it will be necessary to run pyqgis.bat to open a convenient 
Python QGIS shell. It's suggested to edit pyqgis.bat, uncomment the penultimate
line with the CD command and enter the path of the folder where you want to 
download the Cadastre files. For example::

    cd c:\Users\Javier\Documents\cadastre
